Add a new paragraph in the installation quickstart for installing required client tools, and clarify the client tool setup paragraph (#3735)
kanidm/kanidm: book/src/evaluation_quickstart.md

  kanidmd recover-account idm_admin
```

## Install the client tools

> This happens on your computer, not in the container.

Author: This is actually a change, because this line was originally in the next paragraph. It just stayed on the same line when I added a new paragraph in front of the original one and moved this line up.

> Kanidm requires locally installed client tools on the client machines for administration. Follow the guide in the [installing client tools](installing_client_tools.html) chapter to install them now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kanidm requires locally installed client tools on the system used for administration via the command line. Follow the guide in the [installing client tools](installing_client_tools.html) chapter to install them before continuing.
```

Author: Thanks, this seems to be even better for clarity.

Client tools are explained more in the [client tools](client_tools.html) chapter, but to complete setup, you will only need to follow the steps below.

## Setup the client tool configuration

> After installing the client tools, you will need to create a simple config file to continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing the `kanidm` tool, you will need to create a configuration file to continue.
```

Author: I am not sure about this. Calling it the kanidm tool seems better than just client tool(s). But I could only find a single instance of kanidm tools used in the documentation, in **Chapter 20.4. Architecture** of the design documents. Currently client tools seems to be the way these are called in every other place.

Of course I'm not the one making the call if its better to be more specific or more consistent. I just wanted to say that I used the generic client tools, because that seems to be the current term in practice. This seems like a branding question to me.

Reviewer: My thinking was that there a load of different tools that folks could consider client, like `kanidm-unixd` etc, I just wanted to be specific about the one we're talking about.

Author: Oh, I totally missed the backticks for single quotes. Right, that should have been obvious.

I mentioned package names just to say that out of the several ways I've seen referring at the `kanidm` tool, `kanidm` client felt the most clear to me, since the packages are already named that, and that's basically a fix point.

But really, this is such a minor thing, that I feel sorry for even bringing it up. I'll take it as not even worth bothering with.

And thank you for helping to put my first try at participating here in an acceptable shape!

```toml
# ~/.config/kanidm

> uri = "https://localhost" #The URL of the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uri = "https://localhost" # The URL of the server
```

> verify_ca = false #disables #Whether to verify the Certificate Authority details of the server’s TLS certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
verify_ca = false # disables TLS certificate verification as your are using a self-signed certificate
```
